#  Reflection - ThunderHands

Over the past few weeks, our team ThunderHands have begun working together on our project slackr - a team collaboration software service for staff and students at the University of New South Wales (UNSW). Our team, made up of Anthony Barakat, Luke Elsabbagh, Liam Collins and Omar Lotfi, have successfully and effectively worked collaboratively to get our project started.

To begin, this iteration was difficult for us to understand regarding developing tests for the different functions that will appear in slackr. In order to most effectively write up these tests, we assigned eight different functions to each team member to develop tests for, which are expected to test various errors, edge cases, and valid flows. We came across some issues and developed some confusion when trying to determine the correct format to write our Pytest tests. It was tricky to understand how to write tests that would pass when we implement the functions without having any real data to work with. However, this was eventually figured out by Omar Lotfi, who then passed on this information to the rest of the team, allowing us all to successfully write the tests for our functions to the correct standard.

Furthermore, ThunderHands have successfully been able to collaboratively write up user stories on the GitLab task board. We did this by having each team member write user stories in accordance with the functions they wrote their tests for. If a team member came across potential user stories that were not outlined in the given functions, they submitted these user stories to the Gitlab task board as well.

It would eventually happen that some functions overlap with functions that another team member is handling. We overcame with problem by agreeing on the stubs structure and any assumptions about the specification as early as possible. That way we would all be on the same page and properly writing our tests that would use multiple functions from the interface.

The final section of this iteration was to write three markdown files. We were to write down our assumptions that from our interpretation of the specification and of the functions provided, develop a plan for how the team will approach the next iteration of the project, and to reflect how the first iteration has gone and how we successfully operated as a well-functioning team. Our team was able to successfully collaborate on the creation of these files by splitting it into different stages. We had one team member who wrote down their assumptions derived from the project specifications and given functions into a file and committed it to the repository. This allowed other team members to then further add any other assumptions that might have been missed. For our reflection and plan, each team member wrote their own files, which were then combined into the final files.

Thus, we believe that we have been fairly successful in operating as a well-functioning team during this iteration. The main criticism we have is that it was difficult for us to conduct physical meetings with each other during this iteration, where the bulk of our meetings and communication was conducted virtually. For the next iteration, the team should be better in planning out and finding a time during the week apart from our laboratory sessions to discuss the project in a physical setting.
